Update API Tokens documentation (#47)
gatling/frontline-cloud-doc: content/reference/admin/api_tokens/index.md

## Managing API Tokens

> To access the API Tokens administration, click on the {{< icon key >}} icon in the navigation bar.

Reviewer: Why did you remove this line?

Author: We don't have the needed icons anymore. And I don't see the point of saying "To access API Tokens, click on API tokens"...

Reviewer: You should at least say where the user needs to click to open the page, even if you don't display the icon.

To create an API token, click on the **Create** button.

> Once the API token is created, copy the token, as you won't be able to retrieve it again.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the API token is created, make sure to copy the token, as you won't be able to retrieve it again later.
```

{{< img src="create-token.png" alt="Create token" >}}

> There are three permissions available for an API Token:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are four permission levels available for API Tokens:
```

- The Read permission, allowing to read all the data from runs (typically useful in Grafana)

> - The Start permission, allowing to start simulations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The Start permission, allowing to start simulation runs
```

- The Artifacts permission, allowing to upload artifacts
- The All permission, combining all three of the previous permissions

> You can set a permission globally or to a specific team.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can set a permission globally or within a specific team only.
```
